------the very next thing(s)------

unit dodging (add at the start of the take damage function)

check for clearance when using moves. don't allow it to be clicked if clearance ain't there.
^account for both hopping or non hopping

walk option: costs no stamina, but costs 1 able.?? or reversed?
-costs only able: you can do some dodging shenanigans while you try to regain stamina.
OR
-costs only stamina: you can dodge without losing firepower. it's not a sacrifice, but another option.
(add to pick moves below stamina. move 1 in any direction.) The player might have to decide that its worth the stamina/able cost to move a gravely injured unit out of the way of an attack. However, it costs them their turn regardless, so the enemy is free to start another attack right away.

show damage number on screen near unit. or show dodge if they dodge

------what needs doing-------

reposition battlefield information

leveling up (increase stats + learn moves)

unit passive abilities. can just be the first two stances. (see below)

moves (pick and choose before battle. adjust moves once you click the unit in deploy screen but before clicking the spot. show the changes options with show screen)

hover over a move: power, element, physical or magical, diagram of what it hits, clearance, flavor text, stamina/able drain,

create some test movesets

stances (implement their effects)

AI (so you can fight a mock battle)

combat test (full on)

inventory system (acquire and change gear. should be easy. make an inventory list and just whatever.)

make the dungeon crawler interface (just images of interconnecting rooms, where each room is an image button and it shows up if you've explored it, and is clickable if you're adjacent. use a 2d array for this too.)

make the glossary (cannibalize the letter viewport grid)

make the town map.

figure out why my Unicode characters aren't working. ex: \u2603 should be a snowman

blender grease pencil. can interpolate animations. I can make all my still images animated. both for in combat and out. even the backgrounds can be animated.
---------------------------------
combat thingies:

damage = int(((2*attack - defense) / defense) * (power + (2 * self.get_lvl())) * aff_mod * spread)

each unit can have some passives. 2? that is, equipped at once. they can have a larger pool available.
e.g. bad connotations. Not good things to be.
 -sadist: regain some stamina on kill.
 -masochist: regain some stamina when damaged.
 -bloodhungry: regain some able on kill
 -egoist: enemies more likely to target you (weight the inevitable get target priority function)
 -cowardly: if another ally is in area of effect of enemy attack, act like this unit is not. (i.e. don't split the damage.)


each time a unit's acted this round, their next attack deals 10% more damage. 'combos'
e.g. the unit has acted twice: damage = 1.2 * damage

some units might get stuck. <- fix this.
^a swap phase after attacking, where you can move 1 unit 1 space. also helps with making tactical dodges/slight rearrangements.

defeated allies stay on the board. they can be revived.
defeated enemies go off the board.






EOF
